So, uh, kp, you know,
I was wondering,
what are you doing
Saturday night?
Whoa!
I'm guessing
Bueno Nacho, movie,
3 hours if you're trying
to win a stuffed frog
from the claw machine
at the Middleton mall.
Drop!
Wait. Are you saying...
huh! Uh!
That our date night
has hit a...
rut.
Unh!
Aah!
It could use some shaking up.
[Falling object whistle]
Run!
Unh!
You're looking at a guy
who happens to have 2 tickets
to a formal event
at the hotel Capri.
Serious?
Whoa!
Oh, good.
Wade's rescue is here.
Uhh!
[Sighs] Finally,
something exciting to do.
Welcome to the actuary
of the year awards.
Yup. Real exciting.
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah!
♪ I'm your basic,
average girl ♪
♪ and I'm here
to save the world ♪
♪ you can't stop me
'cause I'm ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ there is nothin' I can't do ♪
♪ 'cause just know
that I am on my way ♪
♪ know that I am on my way ♪
♪ doesn't matter where
or when there's trouble ♪
♪ if you just call my name ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
♪ when you wanna page me
it's ok ♪
♪ whenever you need me, baby ♪
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
♪ if you wanna reach me
♪ doesn't matter where
♪ doesn't matter when
♪ I will be there for you
till the very end ♪
♪ danger or trouble
♪ I'm there on the double ♪
♪ you know that
you always can call ♪
♪ Kim Possible
♪ call me, beep me
if you wanna reach me ♪
Our next presenter
is best known...
Yes?
Dad?
Actuaries create
mathematical models
to ascertain risk.
Ok. We evaluate
the likelihood
of catastrophic or otherwise
undesirable events.
So you guys book odds
on people's croakage.
A bullfighter has a lot
more chance of major injury
than, say, a preschool teacher.
Before or after naptime?
After.
16.3% more.
Cool!
Huh. I wonder what
the odds of survival
for teen crime fighters are.
Ohh!
Aah!
Ohh...
I sent you to do
one simple thing!
One!
Steal the atmos-freezer.
And why didn't you?
The door was locked.
Of course the door was locked.
Aren't known for their
open-door policies.
Hey, what's 8 letters
for "indifferent"?
Who cares?
Huh?
Thanks.
Ohh... Look.
Would it kill you people
to show some initiative
every once in a while?
Just a little thing
called world domination.
In my hands,
the atmos-freezer
could Usher in a new ice age
and bring humanity
to its frozen knees!
Frankly, the boys
are not that into it.
I pay you, don't I?
Uh, no.
Shego, do something!
I'm losing
my legions of terror!
Aw, poor you.
Hank Perkins.
Hi. We've met.
Oh, you're the temp
who filled in here once.
Shego, you called in a temp?
One temp does not
a legion of terror make.
Oh, I'm out of
the temp game, Dr. Drakken.
Working here, I stumbled upon
a whole untapped market.
"Villainy consultant"?
Innovative ideas
to create synergy
brand management, action
plans, incentivizing...
stop, stop, stop!
I don't need your fancy ideas,
look, if it's about
the money...
it's not about the money.
I just have a teensy
little problem
with the flow of my cash.
A problem is just a
misunderstood opportunity.
I'll tell you what... just
to get my foot in the door,
if you don't see improved
people in 6 weeks,
my services are free.
Hmm. I do like
the sound of "free."
No, it's never about the money.
[Engine revving]
I'm telling you, Kim,
you should have been toast
in the 10th grade.
We're 8% less likely to get
into a bone-mangling accident.
And you're about
50% more likely
not to tick off your girlfriend
if you're 100% less annoying.
Well, that doesn't
make any sense.
Where did you get your numbers?
Look, kp, I just want
to keep you safe.
'Cause if you got hurt...
That's the most weirdly romantic
thing you've ever said to me.
[Bell rings]
[All gasp] Halt!
Don't you ladies know
60% of all
slip-and-fall injuries
occur because of wet floors?!
[Giggling]
Whoa! Ow!
Aah! Oh! Spotters!
More spotters!
Aah!
Help! [Crash]
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh.
Easy there.
You can do it.
Way to go, Bob.
Is this what I am
not paying for?
Kiddie games?!
The first thing I learned
in business school,
where I graduated
with honors...
is... Successful companies
run on teamwork,
which is built on trust.
[Blows raspberry]
Bunch of grad school hooey.
Can I have a turn?
It's my lair.
[Thud]
Shego: Dr. D.!
Somebody explain this.
The company
organizational chart?
Why am I way down here
under assistant manager
for minor weaponry
and office supplies?
Well, here at Drakken
& co., we believe...
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I've been reduced to
"& co."?
You missed the
brainstormers' breakfast.
But you're just in time
to work on your
team-building skills.
The goal is to help your
teammates through the web
without touching the rope.
So, about that org chart...
Chief operating officer
for random mayhem sound?
Throw in a company car,
I'm good.
[Honk honk honk]
[Crunching]
Uh-uh-uh.
This is ridiculous.
Hardly. Do you know
tongue burns
lead to whole-body
infections
in 3 out of one million cases?
There. Now you can eat
that with confidence.
Eew. So not hungry now.
I have faced far worse
than scalding nacos
and lived it to tell.
I'm a possible.
As in "anything is."
We defy the odds.
Kp, do not anger the odds.
I like you, don't I?
What are the odds of that?
Slim to none.
Which only proves my point.
Then what other statistical
horrors can befall you?
[Beep beep]
Hey, Wade, what's the sitch?
Global warming.
Oh! Don't get me
started!
I mean, someone just
breached the security system
of a lab that's doing
advanced global warming tech.
We're on it.
I guess. But these goons
actually seem competent.
Refer to them
as "team members."
It builds their self-esteem.
[Snaps fingers]
Rrrr! Rrrr! Rrrr!
Unh-uh!
You can do it!
Easy there.
Way to go, Bob.
Wow, Shego, look at them go.
That new bonus-driven
incentive system
really works.
These numbers do not look good.
Huh? Mm-uhh!
Uh! Huh!
Uhh...
I got your back, kp!
[Gasp]
Ron! [Gasp]
Don't you think
your odds are better
when you skate away
from big metal things
about to crush you?
Unh!
Eh...
You were saying?
So you see, Mr. Stoppable,
as actuary of the year,
I thought you could
reassure Ron
that I'm really ok.
Dad, have you been
under here recently?
Could light up like
the fourth of July.
Oh, boy!
Son, I'm thrilled
that the actuarial world
it's not my imagination that
Kim's in statistical danger.
The numbers don't lie.
Factoring in Kim's
extraordinary abilities,
it's my professional opinion
that she is no more
in danger saving the world
than the average student is
skateboarding to school.
Really.
Really?
And as for you... Wow.
It's a miracle.
What?
I should have been toast
in 10th grade.
The results
speak for themselves.
Corporate works.
Oh, no.
Casual Friday?
Who knew chinos were so comfy?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, pleats.
[Muttering] "The fierce
new look in evil."
Yeah, can we please just
fire up the atmos-freezer?
Shego! Did you even
read the memo?!
The atmos-freezer requires
huge amounts of energy
to be cranked up to the
ridiculously dangerous level
and the power drain would alert
the authorities to our location.
Wow. An actual
learning curve.
Unh!
Where it would blend in
with all the other squandering
good news. I just diversified
our company's product base.
Way to go, Hank!
What does that mean, exactly?
I bought out a cupcakery
in downtown Upperton.
There's a gourmet
cupcake craze coming
and we are going to be
in front of it.
I am not about to risk
my reputation
as a purveyor
of human suffering
to sell cupcakes!
Mmm.
Oh, they are yummy.
No one would ever
suspect an atmos-freezer
to be stashed inside
a cupcake shop.
Of course they wouldn't!
It would be...
oh, yes.
Yes, I like it.
Shego, you just earned
an attaboy.
Girl.
Hank: It's all about branding.
I added the word gourmet,
and charge 3 times as much
as our nearest competitor.
Hank's?
Yes. We focus-tested
Dr. D.'s,
but everybody associated it
with shampoo for some reason.
Rrrr.
Oh, you know what?
Who cares?
Will you look at
the dough we're making?
Get it? Dough?
Heh heh. [Muttering]
Actually, cupcakes
are made with batter.
And don't start
licking the spoon,
'cause there some bad news
on the new ice age.
You need 3 more strategically
placed atmos-freezers
in order to lower
the temperature enough
to satisfy your evil needs.
You work for me?
Assistant manager
for unexpected setbacks.
Hmm..
Hmm?
I won the office
baseball pool last week?
Ah, yes.
Replicating
the atmos-freezer
problem is we will need
3 more locations
and substantial capital
to fund the construction.
Hank: You should see
these cupcake profits.
It's really too bad
we have only one store.
Demand is outstripping
supply 3 to 1.
A problem is just
a misunderstood opportunity.
Time to franchise.
Still a no-show
on that atmos-freezer, Wade?
Yeah. It's freaky.
With that kind of power
drain would be obvious.
Well, keep looking.
Have you tried Hank's
gourmet cupcakes yet?
The mochamania is the bomb!
Maybe I'll pick up a dozen
and take them to the Ron-ness
after school.
How is Mr. sunshine?
[Scraping]
Kp.
Uh... Ron?
3 little words...
electromagnetic
field radiation.
Well, ok... yeah,
not exactly little.
Ohh...
These electro-whatevers
are everywhere.
Is that right?
Not to worry. Here.
I'll take my chances
with the electro-thingies.
Efrs. And they can cause
all sorts of bad things.
Yeah, bunions, overbites,
memory problems.
Hey. You forgot this.
See?
Ech! Ecch.
Exactly, Ron.
Anything can get you, anytime.
So if you're gonna
live like this,
you might as well
never leave home.
Hank: The gourmet
cupcake concern
represents a huge improvement
in company performance.
Gotta give you props, suit man.
Almost makes me glad
I didn't vaporize you earlier.
Temperatures are dropping
in all four locations.
Sir, we don't have
an atmos-freezer
[whispering]
I'm not talking to you.
I'm on a cupcake
conference call.
With the supply chain in place
we could open Cleveland
by June.
Please tell me
there's someone else
on that conference call.
Was to bring the world
to its frozen knees.
But what's wrong
with a little multi-tasking?
[Slurp]
Out of the box you go.
The one you are
thinking inside.
[Stammering and muttering]
You... oh, Shego,
it's corporate jargon.
Never mind.
Huh?
Snow?
In spring?
Wade?
The atmos-freezer?
I'm thinking...
Drakken.
Can you beep Ron?
But I'm not getting any answer.
[Door creaks]
Ron?
In here!
[Door squeaks]
[Squeak.
Ron?
What is this?
Panic room.
Of course it is.
5-inch-thick walls
of solid steel
and the only place I feel safe
against the statistical
cruelties of this world.
[Jabbering and squeaking]
[Teeth chattering]
[Jabbering]
Aah!
Ron, this is so a Drakken plot.
Ron: Weather? Didn't he
already do weather?
Only difference is,
for some reason
it's working this time.
I mean, the odds against him
are tremendous.
I don't care about odds.
I care about backup.
Which I need.
You don't want me, Kim.
I'm an accident
waiting to happen.
Ron, you're not gonna...
high-speed Internet,
and those cupcakes,
which are terrific, by the way.
[Crunch] Mmm!
Kim, Rufus, I'm sorry.
It's how it has to be.
[Door squeaking]
Ohh... Oh, oh...
Perkins, what's a takeaway?
Global temperatures
are plummeting.
And sales in our new
Miami store
are beating projections.
Ooh! It's a win-win.
Both: Aah! Would
you two stop that!
Am I the only one around here
keeping your eye on the prize?
The new ice age is 2 days away.
Besides, I'm thinking
of spinning off
this whole freeze-the-world
division.
Bots?
Eh, no cross-promotion value.
To the little kiddies at the
takeout window, now, can you?
Rrowrr!
Ooh.
Don't go all green on us.
We're still gonna
take over the world.
We're taking our
cupcake concern public
with a big wall street
splash next week.
Finally, I get to kick it
with the big boys.
[Alarms beeping]
Intruders!
You know, this whole
mission thing
is a lot harder than it looks
on my monitor back home.
Are you stalling?
No! I... I just want to check
if I brought
the motion deactivator.
Got it!
[Gasp]
Kim: Drakken's behind Hank's
gourmet cupcakes?
Bummer.
They are yummy.
Uh... Uh...
Uh...
Uhh!
Uh, I got it, Kim.
I'll stun him.
Wait. No!
Uhh!
Kim!
Unh.
Uhh...
Is harder than Ron
made it look, too.
I'm in a safe place now.
Nothing can hurt me.
[Whirring]
[Clattering]
Aah!
Ha ha!
Rufus! How...
[whirring]
Oh, wait till I see
that salesman
at the panic room dealership.
[Beeping]
Aah! Kim's in trouble!
I... I knew this was
statistically inevitable,
but what can I do?
I can't go back out there.
Not with the odds
stacked against me!
Ow!
Ron...
[Static]
Well, I... I can't go in
alone.
Of me fighting off
Drakken's henchmen,
and saving the world
from a new ice age?
Huh?
Note: Solar-powered
calculators
worthless in panic room!
Huh!
Unh! Unh! Unh!
Ronald.
I should have told you
what you learn
when you spend your whole
life calculating hazards.
Some things are worth the risk.
[Liquid pouring and bubbling]
Uhh. Uhh. Wade?
Kim, you're ok!
Uh... Relatively
speaking.
Funny.
My mom always said
that too much chocolate
would be bad for me.
No mere chocolate.
Chocolate ganache.
Ganache? What's ganache?
Equal parts dark chocolate
and fresh dairy cream.
Simple but delicious
on everything.
You'll see.
Lower them.
Uh, sorry there, boss,
you're gonna want the assistant
manager for climactic action.
Fine. Go get him.
Sure, they're a well-oiled
machine.
But they don't have
Ron's secret weapon.
Paranoia and irrational fear.
You know, 38% of all
splinter mishaps
did you know you have a 17%
chance of losing your good looks
practicing martial arts
without the correct padding.
Yep. One out of every 2 homemade
explosive devices backfire.
Rrr.
I hope you're not expecting
a year-end bonus.
I guess this is our final
good-bye, Kim Possible,
and your sidekick wannabe.
Who knew revenge
would be so... Sweet?
Isn't this where
you're supposed to say,
"you'll never get away
with it"?
Only when I'm absolutely
positive he won't.
Double-dip them!
Well, there are
worse ways to go.
Ron!
Can I get a boo-yah?
Aah!
Got it!
Oof!
Ohh... Ohh... Ohh...
Aah...
Get them!
We're taking the early
retirement package.
But our incentive program!
We got a better incentive.
Yeah, to live.
Way to go, Bob.
Ron, I can't believe...
yeah, I know.
Guys. I'm still here.
Right.
Oh.
Ron, the atmos-freezers.
I'm on it.
Uhh! Eek!
Can one crime-fighting
cheerleader bring?
Just evening the odds.
Wah-hah!
[Rumbling]
Oh, no!
Ron is surviving way longer
than I thought he would.
Isn't it romantic?
Yaah!
Ehh!
[Gulp]
There is a 99% chance
that whatever you do to me
is gonna hurt real bad.
Oh, you can count on it.
Check your figures, Shego.
Unh! Yaah!
Ron, you were awesome.
Yeah, I know.
Ow! Ow, ow! Ow!
Time to go live
on an updated action plan.
Run!
[Rumbling]
This is going
to negatively impact
third-quarter performance.
Ron, look out, you could slip.
There's a good chance of it.
And you know what?
I don't care.
Give it up
for the new Ron Stoppable,
risk-taker.
But you're still gonna
ride in the backseat?
Well, I may be
a risk-taker,
but mama didn't raise no fool.
A-yup, yup.
That you didn't take over
the world... again.
Now we're stuck
with the cupcakes.
That low-carb trend
was coming.
Should have been
in front of it.
A problem is just
a misunderstood opportunity.
Are you going to help me
with these or not?!
Who... ok, that's taking
casual Fridays too far.
[Grumbling]